Adding to faqs (#11)
tenstorrent/tt-buda-demos: first_5_steps/1_install_tt_buda.md

### Device Firmware Update

> Please navigate to [tt-flash](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-flash) and [tt-firmware-gs](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-firmware-gs).

Reviewer: Remove this line. It's redundant with the next one.

Author: will do this

Author: done

> The [tt-firmware-gs](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-firmware-gs) firmware file needs to be installed using the [tt-flash](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-flash) utility, for more details visit this [link](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-flash?tab=readme-ov-file#firmware-files:~:text=Firmware%20files,of%20the%20images.)

Reviewer: Add something more descriptive for the link.

```suggestion
The [tt-firmware-gs](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-firmware-gs) firmware file needs to be installed using the [tt-flash](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-flash) utility, for more details visit [TT-Flash homepage](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-flash?tab=readme-ov-file#firmware-files:~:text=Firmware%20files,of%20the%20images.)
```
